doc/Configuration.md, before:

# Integrators guide

## Configuration parameters
--------------------

The configuration of the TARA service is managed through a central configuration properties file - `application.properties`. In addition to Apereo CAS configuration properties described [here](https://apereo.github.io/cas/5.1.x/installation/Configuration-Properties.html) the `application.properties` can also include properties for TARA specific features. The following document describes the custom configuration properties available in TARA service.

<a name="banklink"></a>
### Estonian banklinks

Table 1 - Enabling banklink feature in TARA


| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `banklinks.enabled` | N | Feature toggle for banklink functionality in TARA. Enables banklinks feature to be loaded when set to `true`, otherwise ignores all other banklink related configuration. Defaults to `false`, if not specified. |

Table 2 - Generic banklink properties

| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `banklinks.available-banks` | Y | A comma separated list of bank codes that determine which bank link(s) are displayed on the login page. Supported values in the list are: <ul><li>`seb`</li><li>`luminor`</li><li>`coop`</li><li>`swedbank`</li><li>`lhv`</li><li>`danske`</ul> For example:`seb,lhv,luminor`. <br>Note that adding a bank to this list, requires further bank specific property configuration (see Table 3 for details) |
| `banklinks.keystore` | Y | Path to the keystore that holds bank keys. For example: `classpath:banklinkKeystore.p12`, when the file is to be accessed from the classpath or `file:/etc/cas/banklinkKeystore.p12` when the file is referenced in the local filesystem.  |
| `banklinks.keystore-type` | N | Keystore type. Defaults to `PKCS12` |
| `banklinks.keystore-pass` | Y | Keystore password. |
| `banklinks.return-url` | Y | HTTP URL for accepting the bank authentication response. Must reference the publicly available TARA `/login` url. |

Table 3 - Bank specific properties


| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.sender-id` | Y | Sender ID that uniquely identifies the authentication request sender to the bank. The sender ID is described in the specific bank's banklink agreement. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.receiver-id` | Y | Receiver ID uniquely identifies the bank who is the recipient of the authentication request. The receiver ID is described in the specific bank's banklink agreement. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.url` | Y | An HTTP URL that accepts login requests. Bank login url. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.public-key-alias` | N | Public key alias in the keystore. If not defined, `{0}` (the bank's code) is used. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.private-key-alias` | N | Private key alias in the keystore. If not defined, `{0}_priv` is used. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.private-key-pass` | N | Private key password in the keystore. Defaults to keystore password when not defined. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.auth-info-parser-class` | N | A class name that allows overriding the bank response parsing. The class must implement the `AuthLinkInfoParser` interface. By default, a standard parser is used. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.try-re-encodes` | N | A comma separated list of standard charset names. When configured with a list of valid character set names, the TARA retries a failing signature validation with reencoded response (usin all the character set's specified).  |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.nonce-expires-in-seconds` | N | Specifies the nonce's Time-To-Live in seconds.  |

NB! Property placeholder `{0}` refers to a specific bank code (see property description for `banklinks.available-banks`).


Example:

````
banklinks.enabled = true
banklinks.available-banks=coop,lhv
banklinks.keystore=classpath:/banklink/banklinkKeystore-test.p12
banklinks.keystore-type=PKCS12
banklinks.keystore-pass=changeit
banklinks.return-url=https://<frontendhost/context>/cas/login

# COOP
banklinks.bank.coop.sender-id=RIA
banklinks.bank.coop.receiver-id=COOP
banklinks.bank.coop.url=https://www.testcoop.ee/banklinkurl

# LHV
banklinks.bank.lhv.sender-id=RIA
banklinks.bank.lhv.receiver-id=LHV
banklinks.bank.lhv.url=https://www.testlhv.ee/banklinkurl
````

<a name="heartbeat"></a>
### Heartbeat endpoint

TARA heartbeat endpoint is a Spring Boot Actuator endpoint and thus is configured as described [here](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/1.5.3.RELEASE/reference/html/production-ready-endpoints.html), while also taking into consideration CAS specific configuration properties as described [here](https://apereo.github.io/cas/5.1.x/installation/Configuration-Properties.html#spring-boot-endpoints).

Table 4 - Configuring heartbeat endpoint in TARA

| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `endpoints.heartbeat.*` | N | Spring Boot specific actuator configuration. |
| `endpoints.heartbeat.timeout` | N | Maximum time to wait on status requests made to systems that TARA is depending on, in seconds. Defaults to 3 seconds. |

Table 5 - Heartbeat endpoints on systems TARA is depending on

| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `eidas.heartbeatUrl` | N | Path to eIDAS-client microservice heartbeat URL. |

Commit message:

Update my fork (#3)
* AUT-60 - heartbeat endpoint (#52)

* TARAEI-137 - fix feature toggle parameter handling and update  docs (#53)

* TARAEI-137, TARAEI-154 - Configuration updates. Custom nonce manager added.

* Lisatud riigivapiga favicon (kausta /static) (#50)

* TARAEI-137 - review updates

* fix link

* TARAEI-137 - update to doc. feature toggle updates

doc/Configuration.md, after:

# Integrators guide

## Configuration parameters
--------------------

The configuration of the TARA service is managed through a central configuration properties file - `application.properties`. In addition to Apereo CAS configuration properties described [here](https://apereo.github.io/cas/5.1.x/installation/Configuration-Properties.html) the `application.properties` can also include properties for TARA specific features. The following document describes the custom configuration properties available in TARA service.

<a name="banklink"></a>
### Estonian banklinks

Table 1 - Enabling banklink feature in TARA


| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `banklinks.enabled` | N | Feature toggle for banklink functionality in TARA. Enables banklinks feature to be loaded when set to `true`, otherwise ignores all other banklink related configuration. Defaults to `false`, if not specified. |

Table 2 - Generic banklink properties

| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `banklinks.available-banks` | Y | A comma separated list of bank codes that determine which bank link(s) are displayed on the login page. Supported values in the list are: <ul><li>`seb`</li><li>`luminor`</li><li>`coop`</li><li>`swedbank`</li><li>`lhv`</li><li>`danske`</ul> For example:`seb,lhv,luminor`. <br>Note that adding a bank to this list, requires further bank specific property configuration (see Table 3 for details) |
| `banklinks.keystore` | Y | Path to the keystore that holds bank keys. For example: `classpath:banklinkKeystore.p12`, when the file is to be accessed from the classpath or `file:/etc/cas/banklinkKeystore.p12` when the file is referenced in the local filesystem.  |
| `banklinks.keystore-type` | N | Keystore type. Defaults to `PKCS12` |
| `banklinks.keystore-pass` | Y | Keystore password. |
| `banklinks.return-url` | Y | HTTP URL for accepting the bank authentication response. Must reference the publicly available TARA `/login` url. |

Table 3 - Bank specific properties


| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.sender-id` | Y | Sender ID that uniquely identifies the authentication request sender to the bank. The sender ID is described in the specific bank's banklink agreement. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.receiver-id` | Y | Receiver ID uniquely identifies the bank who is the recipient of the authentication request. The receiver ID is described in the specific bank's banklink agreement. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.url` | Y | An HTTP URL that accepts login requests. Bank login url. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.public-key-alias` | N | Public key alias in the keystore. If not defined, `{0}` (the bank's code) is used. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.private-key-alias` | N | Private key alias in the keystore. If not defined, `{0}_priv` is used. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.private-key-pass` | N | Private key password in the keystore. Defaults to keystore password when not defined. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.auth-info-parser-class` | N | A class name that allows overriding the bank response parsing. The class must implement the `AuthLinkInfoParser` interface. By default, a standard parser is used. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.try-re-encodes` | N | A comma separated list of standard charset names. When configured with a list of valid character set names, the TARA retries a failing signature validation with re-encoded response (using all the character set's specified). By default, only the character set requested in authentication request is used. |
| `banklinks.bank.{0}.nonce-expires-in-seconds` | N | Specifies the nonce's Time-To-Live in seconds. Defaults to 3600 seconds (1 hour). |

NB! Property placeholder `{0}` refers to a specific bank code (see property description for `banklinks.available-banks`).


Example:

````
banklinks.enabled = true
banklinks.available-banks=coop,lhv
banklinks.keystore=classpath:/banklink/banklinkKeystore-test.p12
banklinks.keystore-type=PKCS12
banklinks.keystore-pass=changeit
banklinks.return-url=https://<frontendhost/context>/cas/login

# COOP
banklinks.bank.coop.sender-id=RIA
banklinks.bank.coop.receiver-id=COOP
banklinks.bank.coop.url=https://www.testcoop.ee/banklinkurl

# LHV
banklinks.bank.lhv.sender-id=RIA
banklinks.bank.lhv.receiver-id=LHV
banklinks.bank.lhv.url=https://www.testlhv.ee/banklinkurl
````

<a name="heartbeat"></a>
### Heartbeat endpoint

TARA heartbeat endpoint is a Spring Boot Actuator endpoint and thus is configured as described [here](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/1.5.3.RELEASE/reference/html/production-ready-endpoints.html), while also taking into consideration CAS specific configuration properties as described [here](https://apereo.github.io/cas/5.1.x/installation/Configuration-Properties.html#spring-boot-endpoints).

Table 4 - Configuring heartbeat endpoint in TARA

| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `endpoints.heartbeat.*` | N | Spring Boot specific actuator configuration. |
| `endpoints.heartbeat.timeout` | N | Maximum time to wait on status requests made to systems that TARA is depending on, in seconds. Defaults to 3 seconds. |

Table 5 - Heartbeat endpoints on systems TARA is depending on

| Property        | Mandatory | Description |
| :---------------- | :---------- | :----------------|
| `eidas.heartbeatUrl` | N | Path to eIDAS-client microservice heartbeat URL. If set, the eIDAS-client status affects the overall reported status of TARA-server. |

Example configuration with **heartbeat** endpoint enabled, accessible without authentication and from all IP-addresses, and configure eIDAS-client **heartbeat** URL:

````
endpoints.heartbeat.enabled=true
endpoints.heartbeat.sensitive=false

# Allow access from all IP-addresses
cas.adminPagesSecurity.ip=.+

# Configure eIDAS-client heartbeat url
eidas.heartbeatUrl=https://<frontendhost/context>/heartbeat
````
